ISSUES ENCOUNTERED

The week one work was quite simple and I unfortunately had little to reflect on because of this. I encountered no errors setting up.
The tutorials on how to set up the accounts, as well as the tutorials on how to use these apps and websites were easy to find & learn from.
Possible errors could have been miscommunications and misunderstandings on how to set up the accounts, or failing to actually follow the steps correctly. I have a hard time thinking of any other ways this could have gone wrong.

INFERENCES ON THIS COURSE

Before learning anything about this course, I would draw on information about digital history I have learned on previous digital history courses I have taken.
I would inference that this course would cover the process of how history is shared and why. What I mean by this is that every creation of digital history includes assumptions, assertions, ideologies, inclusions and omissions of information, and are all created by somebody or people with their own agendas and goals.
With digital history, a message is being conveyed, a story is being conveyed, but most importantly, digital history is an argument that comes from various influences, and is conveyed in every possible way, through the medium (Netflix, Youtube), through the topic covered, how it is covered, etc.
I would guess that in this course on creating digital history, we would learn about some of these factors, and how they go into making any piece of digital history, as well as how to directly make things as well.
The first piece of material I looked at that would support this would be the thread by Amalia Skarlatou, where she prefaces the thread by making it known that when looking at a piece of digital history, the information you are seeing has been carefully selected for you to see, and not everything is shown.
I could even make an argument that Sharon Leon's piece on Women finally beginning to be included in records of the creation of Digital History supports my idea as well.
A focal point of that piece is generally about the omission of information, that omissions being the contributions of women in the field, and why that is.
Those are two interesting points on digital silencing I found. On twitter, Skarlatou informs us that digital silences are everywhere, and in Leon's piece we learn that digital silencing is present in the very field that studies it.

WHAT I HOPE TO LEARN

I hope to learn more about the components I mentioned above that go into the creation of digital history, as well as other factors that are included in this process.
In truth, the simpler way to put it is that I wish to train my brain to look at all pieces of digital history, whether a Youtube video or a twitter thread, the right way.
I want to be able to have the knowledge to analyze what I am seeing on my computer screen or my phone without having to do projects or exercises and understand why this thing I am seeing is the way it is, and what goal the creator had in mind when creating it.
